Here is what I want you to take away from the final lesson that we have in this course.
You can be an amazing data scientist who can develop
the fanciest architectures of CNNs with great performance on benchmark data sets.
But if you don't know how your algorithm can fit into
the real clinical setting and be used by
clinicians to help treat real patients with real diseases,
your impact is going to be a lot lower.
You know that age-old saying,
"If a tree falls in the forest,
but no one is there to hear it,
does it make a sound?"
You can apply that here.
If you create an algorithm for medical imaging,
but radiologists can't use it, is it impactful?
For me personally, the steepest learning curve that I had to
climb when making the transition from academia to industry
was learning how the regulatory landscape would change
my approach to building deep learning algorithms for clinical use.
In the various industry roles that I have had in this space,
I've taken several multi-day courses on all of the nuances of the FDA 510k process.
So today is designed to give you a big picture and you should definitely pursue more
in-depth education on this topic if you end up
working in an industry role for AI in medical imaging.